Airplanes are, statistically, the safest form of transportation.
in the next 40-50 years I plan on opening up my own business.
He was wearing a vest.
He has a short fuse.
She stayed at a hostel in Poland which cost $13 a night and served free breakfast.
São Paulo is the biggest producer of eggs in the country.
A white table will get dirty fast.
My dog loves treats.
I thought you guys had a big party tonight.
Tom's car is easily recognizable since there is a dent in the front bumper.
I beg your pardon.
The new one's twice as big as the old one.
Yes, philosophically speaking, all tweets are bad, but to be fully human is to rebel against this fact – to send our terrible tweets out into the universe anyway.
The bully at school was mean to everyone except me.
I am grateful for my friends.
She thought the floor space could have been better used for extra seating.
How beautiful she is!
They gave a big party for me.
Why does it rain?
Does she live in Paris?
Naps are good for you.
Sarah's coffee had started to cool down.
They rode their respective bikes.
The roof leaks every time it rains.
She went to the doctor when she felt aches in her left calf.
He persuaded me to take the job.
The sun comes up in the east.
You need to be able to justify why you're wearing yellow socks in a formal environment.
Criticizing racists isn't a repression of free speech, it is free speech.
We may have good reason to be proud of ourselves.
I do not get you.
The ball is red.
They saw giraffes.
That's a bit of an exaggeration.
I had to stop Tom from making the biggest mistake in his life.
I go back to bedroom.
What time is the pizza supposed to be here?
Do you understand?
What's your favorite thing about school?
Come on down!
He does laundry in his basement.
It took quite a while.
Bridges are art.
I tie my tie.
There are many theories regarding the origins of language.
She graduated high school in 2003.
I got a smoothie while I was waiting for my plane to arrive.
This is too hefty to easily carry.
She had a hairless cat when she was a kid.
They employed him as a receptionist.
It's the size of a golf ball.
We go to a gallery every Sunday.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
I had to stop Tom from making the biggest mistake in his life.
She was hypercritical of all writers, even those who had been published and became successful.
It’s been keeping me up at night.
Have you heard the news?
Why do they call New York the Big Apple?
In fact, now that I think about it, it is unfair to improve society in any way whatsoever.
I've had plenty of relationships that seemed like they'd work on paper, but in practice, they were a bad idea.
Bowls can be any color.
Mark seems to think growing a mustache will make him look more mature.
I’m sorry to interrupt you.
I've written a list of questions for you to ask Tom.
These are the things that I want from a relationship.
I want to have fun with you.
I broke my computer.
I'm sure Tom's name isn't on the list.
I don't know much about banking.
She came up behind him when he was on the phone.
Great players often practice harder than their peers.
The tape got stuck on my lips so I couldn't talk anymore.
The Nazis are considered bad because they succeeded in carrying out their ideal of ending the Jews.
Tom is a baseball fan.
The rat sniffed around the maze, looking for cheese.
That is a great idea.
Everything you've ever wanted is right in front of you.
He won an election.
He opened the door.
She sat next to a mom with a baby on the train, and the baby threw up on her.
Kelly sells blankets.
The gang's all her.
She forgot to water the plant for two months.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
Some people have all the luck.
He was very excited to see her, after two months away.
A man who looks like an older version of you appears in a flash.
Ridiculous!
Are you all right?
What's your favorite toy to play with?
He drew all over his yearbook.
She’s now wearing headphones.
The principle of fecundity says everything imaginable exists in some place.
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
A white table will get dirty fast.
She is a very smart girl.
Big men are not necessarily strong men.
You set me up and I don't appreciate it.
Watch out, there's quicksand!
That’s right, and don't you ever forget it!
They will arrive in half an hour.
You were right.
The sooner I get to bed the better.
I have a lot of things to tell you.
She has a beautiful smile.
She is with another man.
I'm on the list.
Their efforts embarrassed them.
He changed his favorite color by the day.
Tinder doesn't work.
I just ran by the church.
I got the money back.
We have a large supermarket.
He resolved to give up smoking.
I changed my mind.
I'm not really a TV watcher.
That's it, go to time-out!
Who wrote “Treasure Island”?
Good morning!
Where are you going?
You should eat them.
I smelled the fragrance of garlic cooking.
I will open the door.
You owe me one after what you did at my birthday party.
She was really into Harry Potter as a kid, but then she heard about the controversy with J.K. Rowling.
This is my operating room, so you all need to shut up.
She prefers to take a vitamin capsule.
The sea looked grey and dirty, as though someone had dumped bathwater into the bay.
I just got hired at this restaurant.
He stood no chance against her in a fight.
I'm sorry to inform you and the rest of Elegante that I will no longer be working effective immediately.
I said, 
In the near future, we may have a big earthquake in Japan.
Tom has always had a big crush on you.
She is very gifted.
She wanted to be a professor when she was in high school, but then she realized how few academic jobs there are on the market.
I put on my underclothes, shirt and trousers.
He thought pickles were a special type of vegetable, and was shocked to realize they were just pickled cucumbers.
She would have sold her soul for a bowl of spaghetti bolognese.
All that glitters is not gold.
I have a massive crush on him.
It's been three months and his stab wound hasn't healed yet.
I miss my girlfriend.
He was exhausted by the job search, but knew he wouldn't get to relax until he had found a job.
We usually eat our biggest meal of the day at noon.
I am dreaming of a better world.
He led them down the mountain.
I love you more than I've ever loved my dog.
Is football a sport?
Keep your hands to yourself!
Go home, weirdo!
Juliet flipped through the book carefully.
That is a big deal.
I have no doubt that you’re going to nail this interview.
I am looking for a job.
There's a big package on the desk for you.
The girl in red is his girlfriend.
Looking back, I know it was the right decision.
Her mom was a musical theater actress, which got her interested in singing.
Whitening your teeth can be bad for them.
We stayed an extra night because we were having so much fun.
He goes to football every day.
When he decided to investigate the crime, he had no idea he'd learn so much about his family.
She whispered into the girl's ear.
every decision has an antecedent.
He is my elder brother.
Truman's first big problem was the economy.
Blood is thicker than water.
What time should I drop the kids off at school?
How big of an idiot are you?
What do you do for Valentine’s Day?
How big you are!
Tom stepped off the bus with a smile on his face.
She had always liked the look of leather pants but was too insecure to wear them herself.
Being late is okay, but only sometimes.
The work itself is very easy.
I make bread for the holidays because it's the easiest job, and the only one I can do.
It's hard to beat him.
Their names were crossed off the list.
I'm curious to know why they removed my name from the list.
He has a weird mouth.
Rosa likes tea better than coffee.
He changed his favorite color by the day.
He won an election.
He persuaded me to take the job.
He earned his PhD in physics at the age of 89.
That movie franchise is amazing.
There's a scary thunderstorm on way.
That would be a really big surprise, wouldn't it?
Are these shoes too big for you?
My dad never works on the weekends.
Why the long face?
Being late is never okay.
The Nazis are considered bad because they succeeded in carrying out their ideal of ending the Jews.
I just passed the funniest cheese wheel.
My sister just got home.
Earlier this month, they collaborated with a popular true crime podcast to create a series about an ongoing murder trial.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
It won’t happen in our lifetime.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
I left some donuts on the side of the road.
I don't mess around with diets; when I'm hungry, I eat.
Tom is wearing clothes that are too big for him.
England has the best language schools.
The gods help those who help themselves.
We are coming up to it.
No one can move this box.
We have the advantage.
I don't like desk lamps.
I told him I’d spank the suitcase for being bad.
Can’t wait to meet the baby.
She was constantly looking for new jobs.
Show me your rates, please.
His muscles are so big.
Anyone who wants to give charity to the poor, but not give the poor a vote in how the resources are spent, is actively working to entrench the power of the wealthy to control society.
In Costa Rica, they drank beers and played foosball until someone puked.
People always have justifications for hurting others, but they are rarely good justifications.Please don't say any spoilers.I need to stir the soup.
She wanted to talk to her mom, but her mom was busy.
I can open the door.
Her mother offered to send her money every month, but she was too embarrassed to accept it.
One morning, I found an elephant in my pajamas.
She goes to work by car.
She was curling her hair when she accidentally burned her forehead.
That's the biggest grasshopper I've ever seen.
We must obey the rules or go to jail.
I'm on the list.
That's typically how it goes now.
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
I only eat glazed donuts.
She got hiccups and couldn't get rid of them for three hours.
When John goes on a date, he's known to be a big spender.
The papers were mixed together in a big box.
She knows New York like the back of her hand.
Why on earth would you wear a tie like that?
Can I help you?
Yes, it is unfair to the people who paid off their student loans to cancel everyone's debt now.
I like furry animals.
We have a bigger problem than we thought.
I have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the green bag.
She was shaking like a chihuahua.
He wanted to get the cheese so badly.
I just walked on the furriest lawn.
Am I in the White House?
I don't like rain.
Where can I find a decent sandwich around here?
I have a hairless cat.
What a big eater he is!
That makes a big difference, doesn't it?
She had strange, green and purple eyes.
How big an idiot do you think I am?
To be honest, I'm twenty.
Her ex-boyfriend showed up on her doorstep, crying.
He gets angry easily.
I was just added to a group chat with 300 people.
You're suffering from allergies.
They were short staffed, so it took over an hour for her to get her burrito.
I was scared to go to a monster movie, but my dad said he would sit with me, so we went last night.
It really bugged me.
He is a smart boy.
The earthquake shook the books off the desk and onto the floor.
In general, people in America tend to prefer bigger cars.
She hopes to get a job.
He was sick of applying for jobs on job boards.
He threatened to tell everyone about the time she threw up in his shoes when she was drunk.
There will be a big earthquake in the future.
I had to put a pin in his femur.
Stand up straight!
No problem!
Murders are very common in cities.
Where are you going?
My favorite thing about dancing is listening to the music.
The fan was blowing on my feet.
I'll talk you through every step of the aquatic soccer game.
I wish I could give you a big birthday hug.
I am ready for the next step.
Mark seems to think growing a mustache will make him look more mature.
I drink less water than him.
We are going to have the best day.
The box was small and wrapped in paper with tiny silver and red glitter dots.
There is a bridge over the river.
She often exaggerates certain events to sound cool.
This dinner is so delicious that I can't stop eating.
I am afraid of dark afternoons.
The steak is on the grill.
My mother looks a lot like my grandmother, and I look a lot like them.
Most scientists tend to agree with me.
No, I haven’t cleaned my room yet.
He’s a natural.
Our translator speaks 4 languages.
We will make a snowman this winter.
My mom drives a green jeep and my dad drives a black truck.
That is not a pencil.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
When the pigeon pooped on her she screamed.
You have a red stain on your sweater.
I forgot my shopping list at home.
She got all dolled up for her big date.
Today, I met a vampire who liked to eat beets.
There is one open baby swing.
The principle of fecundity says everything imaginable exists in some place.
He asked if she wanted room for cream in her coffee.
The broken leg isn't Tom's biggest problem.
He would snore loudly during his nap.
Pam wants to play outside because it just stopped raining.
You're suffering from a heartbreak.
I want to talk about something.
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.
He had a knife to his throat.
He knows English better than I do.
You did right in me by telling the truth.
I have the flowers.
She run across the soccer field like a duck.
She wondered how many people actually bought the perch they kept behind the counter at coffee shops.
We can go to Paris.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
I gave the students a chance to say a few words too.
She did not want to deal with the New York City bureaucracy.
I bought these boots at Goodwill.
Taco Bell's Cheesy Bean and Rice burrito is the tastiest burrito on the menu, and the best deal.
You're not looking at the big picture.
Sit down and shut up.
He looked puzzled.
No burglar would ever have the heart to hurt a pet pig.
They tore up the football field so they could develop the area for a new science wing.
I got the money back.
China has a higher population than Japan.
I'm going to take a break.
The teacher was a little angry.
I want to play.
He’s a chemistry whiz.
There was a flaky yellow stain on the living room floor from where the dog had peed.
The cruise cut through the Bermuda Triangle.
She was depressed by the unrelenting forward march of time.
Therapy seems helpful.
It's not such a big problem You're worrying way too much.
She is poor but quite respectable.
I had a beta fish.
He can hardly speak.
I make bread for the holidays because it's the easiest job, and the only one I can do.
It was impossible to determine how long they would be stuck in traffic.
The two kids snuck into the principal's office after school.
The shower was too hot when I first got into it.
It’s on me.
The dog was exceedingly cute, except for when he was pooping.
She likes parties.
He didn't understand why anyone would pay a quarter of a million dollars to get a degree in singing.
The chickens were running around and pecking worms out of the ground.
It smells very delicious in the kitchen.
Do pigs like milk?
She swims every morning.
Who's Archibald?
Don't even look at me!
Did you see how big their house is?
How many butter knives did he steal?
What a big truck!
She was determined to summit Mount Everest before she turned twenty-nine.
I think we’ve got just enough time to learn a few more irregular verbs.
Do you have any hidden talents?
Mind your own business!
My cat runs very fast.
He opened the door.
True communism will not be achieved until every last person on earth has been cancelled.
Sloths hang upside down in trees.
The chickens were running around and pecking worms out of the ground.
I fear that he drinks too much.
It is interesting to read old newspaper articles and hear about all the famous people who are no longer famous.
I told Tom I'd try to find a bigger vase.
I am a vegan.
That’s right, and don't you ever forget it!
That's it, go to time-out!
She tried to make chicken but she must have put the wrong thing in because it came out of the oven bright green.
I only eat glazed donuts.
It’s intriguing that you are so smart at only 8 years old.
She has blue eyes.
I've made a list of people I need to talk to.
Sam felt sick after eating five huge candy bars.
It is all going to be all right.
It wasn't any bigger than a soccer ball.
Skating is so much fun.
Canada is really big and there are lots of people.
She started drinking again because she felt so awkward at social gatherings.
It rather suprised me.
Suddenly from under the stove there came a squeak.
Tom threw a party at his house while his parents were on vacation.
The Queen of England lives in Buckingham Palace.
I must have my TV set checked.
Could you come to dinner?
This is the list of all the people buried here.
Have you ever lived in a big city?
The children are at home.
Besides not eating much, they won’t ever chew on your electric cords.
You’re a fantastic cook.
He worked in a city hospital.
The chickens were running around and pecking worms out of the ground.
I think they might have made a mistake in letting people tweet.
I can't find the page you're talking about.
This is the big break I've been waiting for.
If I could recommend anything to try, it's my chiropractor, Hernando.
I close the window.
The jar of candles was ready on the table.
Land is good.
They had to decide between buying diapers and buying ramen to feed themselves.
The chairs made a loud noise when we sat down on them.
A black ship is anchored near here.
We still have a couple of big decisions to make.
My lunch included a peanut butter sandwich, crackers, juice, and a cheese stick.
Have you seen him?
She’s being economical with the truth.
Don't even look at me!
Look at me, Mom!
The big, yellow bus came hurtling down the street.
I have a small house.
My mom made a milkshake with frozen bananas and chocolate sauce.
She hated chocolate chip cookies, but she loved gingersnaps.
His mom let him play with a slingshot.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
Neil Patrick Harris is one of the few famous people who can actually sing.
He got shot in the stomach, but he didn't die.
Great players often practice harder than their peers.
Tom took a big bite out of Mary's sandwich.
It rather suprised me.
I tried to tell her thank you, but what came out instead was
I would rather stay at home alone.
He was married to a friend of mine.
It was very disgusting what he did to that pool.
I want many things for myself.
I saw some cool vintage chairs in a thrift store, but I really need to stop buying things.
The Avengers are heroes.
My German vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now.
There is a species of humans called 'hobbits' which were very short and lived on an island in Indonesia thousands of years ago.
I may be a little bit drunk.
Uncle Joe gave me a red toy truck.
There is a big park near my school.
My buddy is going to pick me up after school and give me a ride to work.
The plants were growing crooked towards the window.
She was curling her hair when she accidentally burned her forehead.
The plan will cost three trillion, almost the entire federal budget, including social security and medicare.
She found a cool vintage sweatshirt while thrifting.
Her mug froze solid in the winter cold.
Bridges are art.
When is your birthday?
I have seen the real you.
A double date is fun if you want to hangout with everyone.
I'm curious to know why they removed my name from the list.
The earth goes round the sun.
The fan was blowing on my feet.
He got a fantastic performance review.
I take ten minutes to get there.
You must have a huge family.
That was mean because I'm a geek.
His liver was failing.
I was scared to go to a monster movie, but my dad said he would sit with me, so we went last night.
We have been convinced of this because the people who own everything also own the news.
You’re getting fat.
You're a huge help.
Very good job, sweetheart!
What kind of music do you like to listen to?
Leapin' lizards!
I'm not really a TV watcher.
I had a beta fish.
Racecar backwards is racecar.
Everything you've ever wanted is right in front of you.
He cleaned my teeth really well.
The gorilla beat his chest.
I am not very fond of the way you treat people.
Here's a topographical map of Germany.
She prefers to take a vitamin capsule.
She studied music in college.
A new toothbrush is something you need.
He was excited to get on the ski slope.
She created an app to match zombies with willing victims.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
She likes bananas.
There's a big black truck parked in your driveway.
Therapy seems helpful.
May I have some water?
When is your birthday?
What a big supermarket!
What's your address?
I have 30 jackets.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
He’s the best in the business.
The security is the safest around.
Those pants are too tight.
Tom stepped off the bus with a smile on his face.
You have no idea what a relief it is.
Tom gave Mary a long kiss.
I can make my own decisions.
Tom has a tiny apartment.
We have a long day tomorrow.
He was married to a friend of mine.
I used to have a goldfish.
Her dad offered to visit her, but she turned him down.
She wanted to be a professor when she was in high school, but then she realized how few academic jobs there are on the market.
The train leaves every morning at 6AM.
Tom wants a discount.
Good morning!
Don't even look at me!
Big Brother is watching.